So let's see if you can make changes in this article or text.
Maybe you have said in services or reservations you want to add something like higher service or make
reservation.
Do you want to display a different message right here.
We're going to up in the fortunes that BHP ingratiate I'm going to write the hook.
Are going to fund John gutturally inspire change to guide it.
Xed and then we're going to use a field that feel the in this field that is called combers
underscore rollock underscore that got dicks on top of this it cannot you in the name of the function
then we only get the worm in we out and maybe make a celebration does make up these matrices each and
say these and we know
now you can see if we can make a reservation.
So this is working fine.
So let's say they opened this one this Prell and you can see here we have to cut it.
So we need to make it a hook or I dysfunctioning to two different hooks filter and these are going to
be really similar to these when you can see this is a single view of the product.
What we're going to use with commerce pro underscore Singler And what we're going to use the same function
so save and reload
and you can see we have made restoration.
And this way you can change the decks instead of having two cards you can have a little more you can
make something more related to the broke or servies that you are selling or giving.
So now and so this was really nice and you can see how to make these.